--add descriptions to relevant products--

<Login>


<Register>


<Results>
-add loading animation to pagination, possibly add token to track where user is on page / which page when they exit
-refactor for usability on mobile devices

<Products>
-server side review validation

** bug **
?-when you dont have a account and click login, it registers you and renders a website within a website
?-bootswatch theme randomly crashes/ console error saying it cant be found
?-when you start a review but cancel, the stars fill out to 5. 
?-admin passwords are displayed in sample.data



plymouth barricuda allyears carbs

chevy corvette >1960
carbs 
intakes
exhausts

pagination example = id 72

JOBS APPLIED FOR
CyberCoders Front End Developer - ASP.NET - 12-26-16


JOB APPLICATION QUESTIONS

Why would you be a good fit for this position? 

ASP.Net is a powerful and diverse stack, but striving for a smooth and attractive UI is where I find my true passion. 
This position is ideal for me because I have recently completed an ASP.Net MVC Bootcamp,
and have trained specifically with the technologies listed, focusing most of my time working with front end systems such as
Angular JS and Bootstrap. In my "HorsePowerStore App" project referenced in my resume, I was in charge of the Front End development,
working to build a multi-page app that facilitated many services, but kept a congruent styling wherever the user navigated.
This has become my chief personal achievement, and a large reason I am looking for a Front End development position. 
Furthermore, I'm an avid learner and a team player seeking to build my experience with this stack as well as new technologies
with a close-knit Agile team. For these reasons I see this as a perfect opportunity to showcase my talents. 



Please tell me the details of your most recent salary and your ideal salary for this position?

My most recent salary was company stock, and i decline to disclose the percentage i was awarded for my contributions.
My ideal salary for this position is 50,000, however i am more interested in gaining relevant industry experience than compensation,
and am more than willing to negotiate.


what are you currently working on?

Currently i am working on the "HorsePowerStore App" project referenced in my resume,
updating the database with relevant product information in hopes to deploy it this spring.
Originally, it was intended to be an example of technical skills mastered during Bootcamp
 - but the idea behind the application has garnered interest from those who have tested it.
Thus, a classmate and i have set out to add features cut from its earlier production, and fill out it's already comprehensive product database to fully cover all the cars searchable. 











Merry Christmas!
Thank you for standing behind me the on this journey of a year
Many times i faced unfavorible odds or hardships i remembered you and dans confidence in me. 
Wishing only the best for you both on your grappa fueled adventures to come,
Jake



